---
layout: single
title: "2020-Week05"
author_profile: true
headline: Week 5 of 2020!
comments: true
---

# It's Motivation Mondays, Let's Be Great Together

The title of this post comes from this link [# WAKE UP - Kevin Hart (Monday Morning Motivation)](https://youtu.be/cfI_S9svhPo) and is an accurate prelude to this post.

The questions that I have been grappling with surround the idea of a _Career Path_. This post is an affirmation - conceived by that rumination, that lays explicit the value I find in the idea. My purpose for this description is to better define common ground, by which, you and I might engage each other upon.

These are the main bullets I hope to answer in this Post:
1. Why have a Career?
2. What are my Objectives?
3. Why bother engaging in Business Transactions?
4. The Value in Key Conceptual Ideas?
5. The Big Question - What is my current Role?

## 1. What the heck is a Career, why have one, is it even useful?
- In Prize Fighting, they say "styles make fights" or "it's all about the matchup". What do people mean when they say these things? No one better than Chael Sonnen - a former fighter, provides insight into the meaning behind these phrases. On previous occassion, primarily Chael's podcasts - he has previously articulated what these things mean. However Chael's own story, can actually answer our question on his behalf...
	- Chael was never really one of the greats. He was good, a killer amongst killers... but in the ring, there were still adversaries that made him look like a ragdoll.
	- Chael however was one of the most successful MMA fighters - in the lense of entertainment. And his reputation and stature within the fight community far exceeds what he would have been had he not been such a great __story-teller__.
	- That's odd right? Fighters fight - what's this drivel about story-telling? Chael has said time and time again, - it doesn't matter how good you are. On any given night theres a boxing promotion, an MMA event, a wrestling tournament... He often poses the question "which one should I watch and why would I watch it?". His point of view and the reason for the success of his Career, was that the best fights "tell a story" - fighting isn't about fighting. It's about entertaining. That degree to which you manage your personal promotion directly affects your success. Rivalries, underdogs, comebacks and avengers are age-old stories that are archetypal of this idea.
	- This seems to hold weight. Look a Napoleon Bonaparte - who micromanged his persona. Look at Alexander the Great who carted around a bunch of scribes to record his deeds. Look at any piece of effective propaganda or marketing idea like [Don Draper's take on the Weel - calling it a Carousel](youtube.com/watch?v=suRDUFpsHus). All of which drive a story.
- More recently, I was passing a clothing store on the way to work. I noticed the clothes inside the Shop - several of them had a theme of a deep purple fabric layered under a shimmering gold. The effect was quite striking and appealing; and in that moment I realized that what they were selling was good and intrinsically of value. I wondered, why they were so good but not successful. I realized that people weren't buying their stuff because their clothes weren't compelling. There wasn't an idea or character behind their design - it was just an array of pigments, devoid of impressions. Which is quite the opposite circumstance for stalwart Brands.
- __From these anecdotes, I have tried to answer: What the heck is a Career, why have one, is it even useful?__
	- Your Career is a story - it is compelling.
	- Maybe storytelling and your career are a form of self-identification, and the establishment of expectation. It sets the grounds and the stage upon which people can interact with you.
		- almost like an implicit, historically validated social contract
	- A story - your career - doesn't necessarily have to be within a certain field, and furthermore your career is not limited to a single ongoing pursuit; you can do multiple things at once and the trajectories of those pursits can meander with changing situations.
	- A story is an investment - into the story itself, and the skillset that comes with furthering it
	- There is value in an implicit social contract and developing a skillset
		- Getting better at something you are already intrinsically interested in for the reason of your intrinsic interest
		- A path to financial freedom
			- more immediately meeting financial obligations
			- more generally a mechanism for accomplishing your own goals - that may or may not be monetarily concerned
		- careers are a scaffold for injecting and manifesting your character and personality. Something in the world needs to be your canvas.

## 2. What are My Objectives? (Long-Term Strategy)
1. To do something of Value
	- __not in the corporate sense__ - I don't want to _just_ generate profit for a business.
		- Charlie Munger of Berkshire Hathaway expresses distaste for money mangement in a way that is similar to my own sentiment - in that profit for the sake of profit is unconstructive for our community:
			- "Money-management is a low-calling compared to being a surgeon... I do not like as big of a percentage of the GDP as we now have going towards money-management and its attendant frictions. And I don't like the percentage of the nation's brain power that is in all of these different forms of highly compensated money-mangement - I don't think it's a good thing for the country... and I hate the fact that we've contributed to it by our own predilections." - Munger
	- want to do something of meaning and utility
	- want to do something borne out of:
		- first principles
		- with consideration to negative feedback
		- really believe in the validity and utility of what you're doing
			- to have really thought about what your doing
			- considered it from every angle
			- convinced what you're doing is true and or right/correct
		- yields a fundamental conviction
			- that conviction inspires in others the same convication and inspires colaboration thereof
			- establishes importance
				- which supercedes risk, difficulty, and discomfort
			- Greatness can come from trying to do something even if it might not work, although it is not limited to such terminal circumstances
2. Continually, mutually improve each other's positions - as a means to further our own objectives
	- some of mine are:
		- health
		- wealth
		- happiness
		- personal objectives (outside of work)
3. Develop a better Story/Career
## 3. Why bother engaging in Business Transactions?
- To deliver something of value for the Customer
	- The customer gets something of Value
	- Objective #1 - I get to do something I think is personally valuable
	- Objective #2 - We both get to imporve our positions, and the mutual cyclic reciprocity can continue
	- Objective #3 - I build a better story
## 4. The Value in Key Conceptual Ideas?
1. Data Science Value Chain - from: [https://www.fast.ai/2020/01/07/data-questionnaire/](https://www.fast.ai/2020/01/07/data-questionnaire/)
	- Ensures successful transaction when consulting -ensures continuation of work credability, and the possible reiteration of such a transaction. This provides further opportunity for:
		- Objective #1, #2, #3
2. Helping Managers accomplish their goals:
	- Having a Manager is a long-term relationship
	- Long term relationships are valuable because:
		- sustainable way of working
		- lower-risk, rather than constantly rolling the dice on the people you're working with
		- opportunity for teamwork and long-term synergies
		- makes life more colourful
3. The nature of a consulting relationship, employment, or business transaction
	- There are two types:
		- single contributor
		- management role
	- these styles of relationships are strategies, what value do they offer?
## 5. The Big Question - What is my current Role?
- well it is defined by my Career Path
- it is partially determined by my progression. My career: from computer enthusiast -> software developer -> data scientist -> what next?
- How does my role as a data scientist contribute to what comes next in my career?
- What is possible for career progression within my company, in tech, and more broadly within the the job market for a Data Scientist with Career Progression.

## Conclusion
Thats it! This post was aimed to be an affirmation of what I believe to be a Career; and the value and the value system that underlying my conception. It is not intended to answer what I want for my Career but rather necessitate the qualities and constraints by which such an answer could be founded upon.
