---
layout: single
title: "2020-Week08"
author_profile: true
headline: Week 8 of 2020
comments: true
---

# Warchest

As I sit down now, I’m a swirl of emotions. A gradient perpetuated by the special people in my life; the finitude of my minimally-equipped body is subject to the understated complexities around me - yet I am perplexed by the engagement, nigh the defiance, with which it does so nonetheless. It is quite beautiful the condition of being human.

Of late I haven’t made tangible goals. The things I’ve had in mind, of the things I have had in my soul - they have lain in dormancy. With some familiarity, I recognize this state. A state needing to change. In my history, sometimes I have been cognizant of these crescendos. I have grown more confident in embarking in the necessary sacrifice in order to return to the necessary peace (i.e place) within my soul.

This necessary need - I find hard to describe. It is a yearning, a calling henceforth, a command to judgement. There is a terrible pain existentially of being where I am versus where I could be. The possibility - maybe yet recognized opportunity, of changing one’s circumstance whilst living abjectly is a juxtaposition that rivals an archetypal tradgedy. 

This impetus proffers the strength to carry me through the ensuing conflict; to rise victorious, triumphant in the muck of my own crucible’s battlefield.

Dishelved I am not, dreary I will not be, fortune I will bequeath myself and my own destiny I will facilitate or leave by the wayside.

There are two themes I would discuss presently: (1) being completely levered and (2) weapons of war.

#### 1 - Being Completely Levered
There is a runner - _a Canadian_ by heritage, whom I have always been enthralled with. Shalane Flanagan is a long distance American Olympian - keenly noted for her style of “letting it all hang out” (as per her own words). She openly talks about running flat out - and pushing her self so much to the edge than in her races her arms go numb, her hands tingle, and becoming sick to her stomach. At times it has even gotten the best of her; earlier-on in her Career, should we be so tenacious that within the first half of the race her body would give out. Though it seems her spirit remained intact - subsequently titles, medals, and records. There is a savagery in this which I aspire to. I am actively looking to incorporate this as a mode of being. I think this type of behavior is an underscore of truly accepting failure - a Zahavian Signal undemonstratable in any other way.

#### 2 - Weapons of War
Sometime ago The Rock gave an amazing speech to an NBA basketball team. The name of that team and the salient points of that speech elude me. However I will aim to recapitulate the themes and ideas of that speech in symphony with the sentiments of like minded speakers.

“Your back is up against this mutherfucker”.

1. Remember the hard times - when you had nothing, and for you any little bit meant everything.
2. Remember when you had everything - and it dissapeared from with under your feet.
3. Remember your family, your friends, remember your community - you are tied to them, and they to you.
4. Look to the future - and envision your future as anything less than it could be.

In 2020 I will make my quantum leap. I will let it all hang out and I will kill or be killed with my weapons of war. There is no other path to peace in my soul.

At work, I have already written out tentative goals - this coming week I aim to do so similarly within my personal life. And then go on a rampage.
