# tbd

Stop. Observe. Orient yourself to where you are. Determine what you want. Determine what you want to do.

Imagine your fortune. Imagine your success,
- Piano
- Hockey
- Cross Country Running
- M u a y Thai
- Computer Science / Software Engineering
- Russian
- School / Academics

In any one of these you have had small success. In all of these, you have repeated your success; established a history of achievement.

Don't think about how you feel.

Stop. Observe. Orient yourself to where you are. Determine what you want. Determine what you want to do.

When you look at yourself - do you marvel?
Are you in wonder - you've done what few have. Perhaps you've done what few could. You've done it again. And you've done it again.

Does the wonder rot to scorn; your achievements are sequential. You've fleeted from one activity to the next. You have taken each to your edge of comfort then abandoned the pursuit when things got tough; maybe it was the amount of work, maybe it was the possibility of failure, maybe you can't stand being uncomfortable.

Why is it that you shirk; have you lied to yourself. Are you amenable to your own insecurities. Do you assuage yourself as an eccentricity, a polymath, a dilettante? Have you glorified your experience, been shackled by your Ego.

Or are you so weak - so mentally malleable that you have no sense of confidence - no courage; and fester in the rancor of your self-doubt. This whole time you've been playing the long game - minimizing your risk. You are senseless of your sensibilities.

What then would be your goals?

Stop. Observe. Orient yourself to where you are. Determine what you want. Determine what you want to do.

---

The time has come to choose; "ute!" - shoot your shot.

Naught which I've previously pursued hold any interest for me now. I am enraptured by Mathematics.

The motivations for my interest and the socio-economic possibilities that come with pursuing that interest congeal to an attractive proposition. I am weary - as this salesman is a stranger; he is not the man I once knew - he hesitates, and who knows what devices govern his mind.

In very few months, I will begin working on the ML (Machine Learning) Team; and I am eager to learn new things and reach new heights. I've had it with what feels like a linear increase in my position - it's the time to achieve exponential gains.

If I were to stop. If I were to observe. If I were to orient myself; and to determine what I want and how to get there. What would that be.

1. Build a platform; I will learn the science
2. Launch a campaign; I will acquire the resources and partnerships I need
3. Begin conquest; I will dominate and seize what is mine
4. Leverage; with the spoils and accolades of my conquest leverage myself into a better socio-economic position.

"Out of the night that covers me,
Black as the pit from pole to pole,
I thank whatever gods may be
for my unconquerable soul.

In the fell clutch of circumstance
I have not winced nor cried aloud.
Under the bludgeoning of chance
My head is bloody, but unbowed.

Beyond this place of wrath and tears
Looms but the Horror of the shade,
And yet the menace of the years
Finds and shall find me unafraid.

It matters not how strait the gate,
How charged with punishments the scroll,
I am the master of my fate,
I am the captain of my soul."
- William Ernest Henley, Invictus
